Everybody says running LinkedIn ads for
a B2B service or software company is way
too expensive, takes ages, and never
really drives results you want. But what
if it didn't have to? LinkedIn B2B ads
specialist Philip Ilick joins me to
share this weird unusual play that he's
running to drive booked calls at super
low cost at a super fast rate. He's
going to unpack his lesserknown strategy
so you can start driving booked calls
for your B2B software or service company
running LinkedIn ads with this weird
play. Let's dive into the interview. Hey
Phil, welcome to the show.
>> Thanks so much Sam. How you how you
doing?
>> I'm good, thanks man. Excited to dive
in. So we're talking all things LinkedIn
ads, driving booked calls, inbound demos
for your sales team in record time. But
I thought LinkedIn ads took ages, man. I
thought it took it months, even years
before you saw any kind of traction, any
kind of booked calls. I thought it was a
super long game.
>> I mean, it really depends on your sales
cycles and other bits and bobs. I run a
marketing agency or so if you run a
consulting firm, some people say sales
cycles are weeks. Um, and there are
there's a percent of people who are in
market within LinkedIn ads. I think the
percent's getting higher and higher.
There's a lot of people who are like,
we've tried LinkedIn ads, it doesn't
work. So, I'm in a I'm in a space where
I think the inmarket people is big
enough that I can literally put ads and
be having phone calls within a few days.
And it's partly to do with an outbound
process that also is uh kind of linked
up to the LinkedIn ads, which I can go
into in a moment.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Excited to dive in and
reveal kind of your secret source. I
know it goes against the grain of what a
lot of LinkedIn
social ads gurus share, which I always
love doing on this show cuz I think
there's so many hot takes that need to
be broken. But before we do that, I
think it would be quite nice to share
maybe some LinkedIn ads misconceptions.
I think a lot of like you touched on
there, a lot of marketing leaders, I
think a lot of founders, especially in
the B2B service and tech and SAS space,
kind of almost steer clear of LinkedIn
ads because they kind of think it's some
evil back black box. They're going to be
paying hundreds of dollars per click.
It's going to waste tons of cash. But
I'd love to hear kind of what you feel
are like the biggest misconceptions
before we dive into the strategy.
>> Yeah, I I I meet people literally I
audit accounts on a weekly basis and
these people are very skeptical ads.
They've tried it and they're like, "It
just didn't work for us. We tried it."
And I, you know, I speak to people in
conferences everywhere and they're
always like, "Ah, we've tried LinkedIn
ads and they suck. They didn't work."
Whenever I order account like that,
they've had really simple things they
kind of did wrong, which is like
LinkedIn audience network was ticked on,
which is one of the things I see way too
often, even though all our like all the
people posting about LinkedIn ads are
always posting about the hygiene stuff,
which just completely destroys accounts.
And it's crazy how many accounts even
spending 20k a month, 50k a month, um,
as well as the small ones just make
really simple mistakes. LAN, if you tick
that on and that tick box keeps popping
up. Even when you like refresh page, it
ticks itself on again. LinkedIn kind of
tries to make you tick that box on, but
it basically just ruins a campaign for
example. You'll get zero conversions.
Your CPC looks really low, but it just
basically you'll get zero conversions.
So, this is just one of like many things
you can get wrong with LinkedIn ads. And
so, whenever anyone comes to me and
says, "Oh, LinkedIn ads suck. They don't
work." Just I'd love to just check your
ad account out and just uh order it
ordered the basic hygiene stuff first.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is there any other
glaring mistakes that you see time and
again or things that you think stump
people often often stumble upon if they
don't know the ins and outs?
>> I see the same thing over and over
again. Yeah. So, like this is just basic
hygiene stuff, but audience sizes. So,
you get a lot of meta. So like companies
will have a paid per like a uh like a
paid media person in the company and
they may maybe run ran meta ads or
Google ads and then they they're like
okay we need LinkedIn ads and that paid
person is like okay I I'll give it a
shot. I'm sure it can't be that
different. And the one mistake they make
and I've seen this quite a few times
even this year is like their audience
size will be like a million on LinkedIn
and on Meta that makes a lot of sense
because the algorithm and the AI
learning capacity of Meta is so good.
It's actually really good. LinkedIn's
like a manual algorithm. It's like a
really basic algorithm. You kind of need
to like do everything manually and you
want your ICP to be really tight. You
want your audience to be really tight.
You might even want to upload a list. Um
so anything between 20 to 80K I love in
audience sizes. And I see this all the
time where there's audience sizes of
like 400,000 or a million even. Um the
second thing as I mentioned was LinkedIn
audience network. And another one is
bidding. Most people go straight into
max delivery because that's the default
one that's basically there. Um, but it's
a good way just to get LinkedIn to spend
your money willy-nilly and it just kind
of like there's no performance in it at
all or efficiencies. So, you have to go
to it's like even the manual bidding is
it's like hidden. You have to click I
mean I can't remember what it says. It's
like see more something like that and
then it pops up the manual bidding part
and then you have to go down a manual
bidding route. There's these are just
like two or three things. The last the
final thing is just strategy. Most
people just throw spaghetti out wall and
hope something works, but there's
literally no strategy in the account.
There's like just random ads, not and no
one really knows the objectives really
or what's going on of that. So, I think
those are the kind of main things. Yeah,
it sounds like there's a lot of things
in play when it comes to the setup of a
LinkedIn ads account that almost
LinkedIn are trying to get you to spend
as much cash as possible by keeping
these settings pre-ticked or pre
preapproved before you even start things
up before you fire up your campaign that
you're kind of if if you're new to it
and you perhaps haven't
>> the expertise. It's kind of unbelievable
actually how LinkedIn tricks advertisers
to spend a lot of money but
inefficiently because you'd expect
obviously if you have good performance
you're going to build up your budget but
most people who start do the like trust
LinkedIn and even the bidding will say
oh we recommend a bidding between $10 to
$30 or something like that and it's you
always should bid lower than even the
lowest recommendation on LinkedIn
basically so there are so many basically
don't trust LinkedIn um at all um even
the reps have I speak to these reps all
the time. The reps have like a sales uh
they have things they need to sell. So,
they've been pushing really hard on CTV
recently and it's something that I mean
I I nearly got sold on. I had a one
large account I was managing and you
need quite a large budget to do CTV. CTV
is basically being on on like um uh TV
in in people's houses and LinkedIn now
can do that. and they pushed it really
hard and they were like, "Oh, there's
80%, you know, increase in convert."
They gave all this, they just threw
statistics at you. I have no idea where
these stats came from. And every other
LinkedIn person, I speak to pretty much
all the LinkedIn ads guys out there. I
asked them and no one I don't think
anyone's had that success.
>> What's the stat? 99.9% of people watch
TV. So, your ad should be on TV.
>> I don't know. There was a lot of like,
yeah, 70% lift and XYZ. And they're just
putting stats at you. Oh, that sounds
pretty good. Um, but yeah, it's not
true, I don't think.
>> Real quick, if you're tired of
competitors outranking your Google
organic and LLMs, meaning they're
stealing pipeline, visibility, and mind
share, why not book a call with me over
at breakingb2.com
so we can chat through if we're a good
fit to start driving you results with
SEO. That's breaking.com or hit the link
in the description below. Got it. Got
it. Okay. Okay. So, you've got to be
careful when it comes to the actual
setup so you're not kind of splashing
cash willy-nilly, which I feel like I
quite often see posts on socials where
people be like, "Wait, LinkedIn ads is a
waste of money." And then it it's kind
of like most things drill back to
strategy. It's the same when we're
offering SEO. Like people might say,
"Oh, we we tried SEO in house before. We
published a load of content. We did some
random backlinks. We did some PR." And
I'll be like, "Great, but what what was
the actual thought process behind
there?" like who's specifically is your
ICP? Like who are we targeting? Are they
actually searching on Google? What are
the main offers you want to you want to
drive inbound leads to your sales team?
Like what are the main industries you
serve best? I'll ask them these kind of
highle questions and then there were
almost crickets.
>> So it's almost like there's no
overarching clear path that you want to
take. It's more like we've tried a few
things, they've not worked. We've ruled
that channel as a no.
>> It's like any channel. I mean a lot of
people say like outbound's dead and it's
obviously not. Um or like cold calling
used to be dead and now everyone's doing
cold calling again. So and SEO is dead a
million times. You always post about
that Sam. I see I've seen you like
that's one of your funny posts like SEO
dead next to a graveyard. Uh in a
graveyard, you know, and people I think
with LinkedIn it's like one of the first
things everyone says it doesn't work
because it is quite a hard platform to
work. But on the other hand, when you do
make it work, it's one of the few
platforms you can reach really high
value people like VPs of marketing or
VPs or whatever. If you can't really do
that um on scale with any other channel,
obviously SEO and other channels you
can, but it's not an onoff button. SEO
takes time. It's super valuable. Um but
from a paid media channel, it's very
hard to achieve that on any other, you
know, anywhere else basically.
>> Got it. Cool. That te's up nicely. So,
let's dive into your weird unusual
blackbox strategy that we're going to
unlock and unpack. So, I think like we
touched on before, a lot of folks think
like LinkedIn ads is a is a long old
game. It's going to take a long time to
generate booked calls, but it sounds
like you've got a a process that enables
kind of B2B teams to to see inbound
calls or demos, whatever their point is.
So, let's let's take it from the top.
>> Well, you know what? It really depends
on budget and it depends. The one I'm
talking about today is a bit of a lower
budget type of play. Um, and I'm not
dissing the the strategies that other
strategies that work like a demand genen
strategy, delivering content to your ICP
with thought leader ads. That's
something another time we can go over
and that works really well. I know you
do that, Sam. I believe from the posts
I've read where you deliver leadership,
thought leader ads to your ICP and over
time you get inbound. I believe that's
your kind of play and a lot of people do
that. Um,
>> yeah, that's right. Yeah, we're doing
that as breaking B2B.
>> So, that works as well. I'm not dissing
any other strategy. But this one I've
like I'm running the one I'm about to
talk about for myself because it's just
working really well. It's actually going
back to old school strategy of doing
gated content and all the demand genen
people since you know refine labs and
all those guys they killed lead genen.
They were like it's all about demand
genen never gate anything all that that
that's kind of sound advice generally
speaking but I think they they built a
whole business model. I mean they made
millions from demand genen. So they were
really you know they were happy to push
that as much as possible. But what I'm
finding is I've actually created a lead
magnet which is actually very valuable.
It's a my LinkedIn ads operating system.
I used to charge literally
um 400 bucks 500 bucks for it. I just
put it for free. It's genuinely actually
really good. Um it's not just some uh
crap. I put it on LinkedIn and did one
of those viral comment and like just to
get as much social proof as possible.
And then I turned that into an ad and
that basically and then what you do is
you edit that ad and you um put your
call to action which is you know
download it here rather than comment and
like sends people to a landing page.
People download it. The reason why this
works now is because for leader ads the
CPC and with all that social proof on a
full leader ad which is just a boosted
post. So you have loads of people liking
I think have like 500 likes and whatever
there. so much social proof that when
they get to the landing page, the
conversion rate I have on my landing
page is roughly 50% of anyone who
clicks. So suddenly the efficiency is
getting really good because also from
the thought leader ad the CPC is nearly
half the amount from a company post. So
suddenly if you do the maths and I've
got a Google sheet and I'm releasing
this on my newsletter quite soon with
all the numbers that are coming out, the
CPC is really low. Um the conversion
rate's really high on the landing page.
So I'm basically getting leads at about
10 bucks per lead or sorry10 a lead. So
like I don't know what 12 $13 a lead. Um
so with quite a small budget you can get
a lot of leads coming into your um into
your kind of ecosphere of um of your
world. And once they come in there are
two things that happen. I go straight
outbound to them. I go I connect with
them on LinkedIn. I say hey I know you
downloaded the thing. It should be
available now. By the way here's another
Loom video. And I just push more content
at them. And this Loom video is
basically I think it's been watched over
a thousand times now. And I would
probably attribute it for the majority
of the clients who've come in with us
recently are all from that Loom video.
So I push more content like a really
high value piece of content to them. And
then they also receive the automated
emails. It's old school strategy. I'm
not I'm not saying this is something I
made up. And I'm seeing 60% of the
people who sign up are reading all five
of the follow-up emails. So they're
getting outbound from me. I'm starting
conversations with them. They're also
doing that. And in those emails, there's
a P dos saying, "By the way, if you want
to work uh with us, click on this
schedule call." And from this one little
system, really simple system, people are
scheduling calls with us every single um
week. The cost per at the moment that
you're getting kind of a pre-release.
I'm about to release these stats. The
cost per call I'm getting is £293
um per call from the system. And I've
converted two out of the six calls I got
this month. Uh, so that worked out to be
£879
for a new client. For me, that's great.
I'm really happy with that with the with
the LTV. So, that's kind of the system.
It's nothing groundbreaking. It's
literally an old system, but it's it's
working well because of the advent of
four leader ads, which are just creating
kind of opened up this system again in
my opinion. Mixing that with a really
good outbound like being good of
outbound. So, those are the kind of
levers I'm pulling. Um, I'm pretty much
putting putting 100% of our internal
budget into this one thing.
>> Awesome. Love it. So, we'll break that
down more for folks that may be less
familiar with the link LinkedIn plays
that are going on right now because this
is
>> I probably say no, no worries. I'd
probably say it's a newer strategy. Um,
as in what I mean by that is you build a
LinkedIn post. It's generally something
that's hopefully super useful, although
there are some exceptions on LinkedIn
from other folks. But with that said,
it's it's like a comment to comment
something on this post to grab the asset
and I'll I'll DM it to you. But so
you're saying from this whole flow,
which we'll break down in more granular
detail, we'll also go under the hood of
the psychology of why it works. But
you're getting book calls. Did you say
book calls about 300 or so pounds, which
what $450, something like that?
>> Roughly. Roughly that. Exactly. Yeah.
>> Got it. Which is decent considering
you're you're selling services that are
several thousand dollars per month.
>> Exactly. Yeah, I mean LinkedIn generally
works with high LTV services. So if you
if you're selling something for a grand
this I don't think LinkedIn's for you.
You probably should go to Meta or do
something else. So yeah, you should have
at least 10K LTV to make LinkedIn ads
work.
>> Got it. Got it. So yeah, let's let's
break it down from almost a almost a
high level. So initially you're what was
the thought thought process? You're
building out a LinkedIn post.
Let's kind of take it from the top in
terms of how how exactly how someone
that's that's tuning in that's listening
or watching can kind of construct
something similar
>> if they've got a kind of offer that they
want to get let's pretend they've got
recurring recurring revenue service or
or software that they want to drive book
calls for. So originally I was really
against doing this and I'd advise
everyone not to do this. Literally month
a few months ago I'd be like no don't do
leg gen. I was like what everyone else
says. Um I was really bought into the
demand gen plays and honestly they do
work as well. I'm not dissing demand
genen. Demand gen works really well but
pure content like getting someone to
download a bit of content in exchange
for an email or some information. I
decided to try it because I started
thinking that the algorithm is getting
you know LinkedIn the algorithm is doing
the same as Meta did back in the day
where people put loads of budget and
time into building out an audience and
then Meta just changed it algorithm and
I think you'd reach like 2 to 3% of your
followers which was devastating for a
lot of people who put a lot of effort
into into Facebook back in the day. Um,
and LinkedIn's basically going down the
same uh kind of cycle of any social
media company. It gets really popular,
makes everyone really successful, and
then drops the reach and forces people
to go into ads. And that's normal. So, I
started seeing that, and I was just
thinking like, we really need to own our
own media. We need to own access to our
own to the people we want to sell to.
So, collecting emails already is just
valuable. And that that's kind of where
it started coming from. I was like, if
I'm going to spend money on ads, I want
to have a direct I want to per I want to
basically buy emails to the VPs of
marketing that I want to talk to in the
future. Um, so that was kind of the
philosophy around it and I'm finding it
luckily that it's working. I did a test
and it started working. Um, but to start
from the start, it's literally a post on
LinkedIn which you don't have to do
comment and like, but if you do, it
gives you potentially loads of likes and
comments, which is great. Um, that
social proof is really important. So,
you don't have to do the annoying
comment and like post. I know it really
annoys people and people don't like it.
So, you don't have to do that, but just
do a normal post. Hopefully, it gets
some engagement and reach. And then
you're going to see loads of social
proof at the bottom. When you boost that
post because of the social proof. So,
you can boost that post in campaign
manager, which is LinkedIn ads, and you
can target exactly your ICP. LinkedIn
ads for people who don't know, I'm sure
most people do, but LinkedIn ads is a
one of the superpowers of LinkedIn is is
its targeting. You can upload a list and
target just the list of companies or you
can just do native targeting which is
incredibly you know specific and
powerful. Um so we can put this post in
front of the right people and make sure
you know whoever it is sees the post and
clicks on the post. Um you're going to
edit the post and put a call to action
of hey download it here. Um so people
we're the main metric we're looking at
is um clicks to landing page. So we want
to know what the click to landing page
is. And for example my cost per clicks
to landing page is £57
um on average. So it's quite a good CPC
for LinkedIn ad for LinkedIn standard.
Um and then from there because of the
social proof they get to a landing page.
I honestly would say my landing page is
pretty crap or like nothing special. I
think it converts so highly because
they're seeing the social proof already
from the from the for the ad because
honestly I've done no it just works and
you can see my landing it's got too many
colors. It's not not quite that great.
Um but it's converting at roughly 45 to
50% which is quite rare as well.
>> Yeah, that's solid. I'm guessing like
you say they're kind of pre-bought in in
the sense that they've seen that on
LinkedIn. They've seen so many people
have already commented and liked it and
grabbed it. They're like, "Yeah, I'm
going to get this anyway." they they
trust it a lot more just because there's
like literally 500 likes on my post or
whatever. So yeah, I think that that's
my theory around why my page is
converting so well cuz honestly the page
is not that great.
>> Do you have much of a framework when
you're building these let's call them
lead magnet because they're organic
posts first, right? And then we let the
organic rankings or let the organic
algorithm settle say a few days later
and then then boost them to to ICP.
Do do you have a framework for building
out these posts? Like I always say
LinkedIn's a game and one day I'll learn
it because sometimes I'll do a post and
think I've done a really good hook and
in that couple lines I'll put some
specific numbers and it just flops and
another day I'll do something very
similar and it'll just hit and the post
won't be all that different. So I don't
know if you've got a framework for kind
of these posts that you follow.
>> I'll be honest with you Sam. I think
you're right. It's kind I never know
what works and what doesn't. It's always
changing. I wish I I can go down a
framework that I'd use, but it'll
probably won't be relevant next week.
So, I think realistically it's just
about actually having a valuable I think
the reason why gated content got so
squished um is because most people just
started throwing up blog blogs in and
packaging them as something valuable and
then you read it, you glance at it. I I
remember downloading these. I wanted one
bit of information from it or something.
I'd glance at it and go, "Okay, that
wasn't even that useful." And I wouldn't
remember it. So, it's really not useful
and I wouldn't read the follow-up emails
or anything. And the reason why I think
this is working quite well is for some
reason 60% I think it's like 57% of the
people who download are follow reading
my follow-up emails like all five of
them.
>> That's nice. Yeah.
>> Yeah. And so I fill those follow-up
emails with real value as well. There's
no sales pitches in it. It's like some
of my best research I've personally
done. I run a lot of experiments. So,
I'm trying to put those experiments into
these follow-up emails. So, people like,
"Oh, cool. I don't actually see that
content that regularly." It's not like
easy accessible content. It's firsthand
experiments, content Phil's created. So,
they I think they're like, "Okay, I
might actually read the next ones uh
because it's actually valuable." So,
it's about actually creating value.
Like, I know that sounds super cheesy
and old school. It's actually giving
something that's actually useful, you
know?
>> Yeah, I think you demonstrated it well
earlier. I'm I'm of a similar mindset.
Like you said that the guide used to be
several hundred bucks and then you
you've now made it free. You just
someone just needs to go through to this
landing page, exchange their their email
and details and they grab it, which I
feel is and should have always be the
way that gated content should have been.
Like you say, if it's a repackaged blog
post, if it's something you've just
instantly clicked your fingers with chat
GBT and put a few prompts, then no,
>> that's not not not deserving. We did
similar a year or two back with with our
B2B SEO and SAS SEO guides and that kind
of stuff. Like originally they were
payto-play assets and then we gated them
to to ramp up our newsletter list. short
>> it it's been working out for you as well
like th those worked
>> steady like we've I'm interested in this
for our company breaking B2B because I'm
very much of the mindset and I think I
almost feel like you touched on we're
going back in time with B2B marketing
like before everyone was like no you
don't need to collect emails like that's
a complete waste of time whereas now
it's like well all those folks that used
to say that used to love it because
LinkedIn organic reach was super crazy
you could post pretty much anything and
get several thousand and impressions
probably with a good good mixture of
your ICP. Whereas now it's like you say
it's way more difficult. LinkedIn's gone
gone from the golden era and they're
pushing paytoplay which is fair enough.
I'd probably do the same.
>> So they want companies and they want
personal uh profiles to do the same. So
I think we're going back to owned
assets. Like you can't beat owned assets
like if you can have someone's email and
connect with them.
>> It's like they I I didn't make this up
obviously. I forgot. What's his name
now? Damn it, I'm forgetting everyone's
name at the moment, but um he was
talking about, you know, social media is
just you're renting land on social
media. You don't own it. Whereas the
email is owning you own that access and
if you're actually valuable
>> over time, people get used to reading
your weekly emails if you have a
newsletter. So, you basically got direct
access to the people you want. You can
also upload those emails into Meta and
retarget them and all sorts of other
stuff. But yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Big big proponent of that.
We we literally did a a podcast, a solo
episode on breaking B2B last week where
I said LinkedIn is dead. um do this B2B
marketing strategy instead and literally
talked about this like the importance of
owned assets like your website, email
list, SEO, um podcasting, basically all
this kind of stuff cuz I feel like it's
there's still organic reach to be had on
LinkedIn, but I feel like strategies
that you're sharing with us and kind of
moving people into more controlled
I guess ecosystems where you can keep
top of mind is becoming more and more
important. So, I feel like some of the
advice that folks were giving before is
kind of outdated. Yeah, demand genen's
great, but it has limitations.
>> I have um I also push people to other
places like YouTube, and I know you run
a YouTube a great I mean, this is
probably on YouTube, but I know you run
a really good YouTube channel. So, like
in those emails, I'm also like, by the
way, I just, you know, I I'll send a
newsletter saying, "Hey, I just made a
YouTube on this." So, suddenly all that
traffic can be pushed to YouTube. And if
they watch one YouTube video, the
algorithm will push more to them. So
suddenly they go into your ecosystem or
you know you release anything you know
you can push people to your other bits
of content. So they start seeing you
they start trusting you and eventually
if they're ready they might reach out
and go hey you know what I need would
would need some SEO or LinkedIn ads
whatever it is.
>> Definitely. Definitely. Tell us more
about I think you touched on it earlier
but what what's the average spend per
day that you've got set up for this
flow? So I spent £1,758
in August. Um I don't what's that a day?
I'm not sure. But yeah, basically so
that's like2 to3k dollars, right?
>> Yeah, it's $2k probably roughly. Um
there basically I got 340 clicks to
landing page. The CPC was £57.
The CPM was 52. I don't know if that's
relevant. Uh 155 leads. Cost per lead
was £1134.
45% conversion annual page. So, six
phone calls, each phone call cost 293
pounds. Two clients signed from that and
that's 879 CAC and it all happened
within a month. But the thing that
that's even more efficient is that I had
someone from like um July schedule a
call with me now. So, like it's really
hard to
>> you know where the like the khak is a
difficult one. I need to do khak in a
longer period of time because these
people and I I literally have um I I've
been kind of on and off pushing people
to the newsletter, not necessarily from
paid ads before two years. I've got
three and a half thousand uh subscribers
now, which is not a lot, but it's it's a
I'm happy with that. And I I get
literally people I always check like
where the heck did this guy first come
from? And some people came from like a
year ago or whatever. So it there's more
value than the direct CAC you're looking
at. Basically,
>> I undervalue the power of even a small
list. Like we ours is smaller than
yours. Ours is like we've never done
paid stuff to push to it. It's always
been like a call to action at the bottom
of my LinkedIn posts or on the on the
YouTube or the podcast. I think we're at
what just under 1,800 subscribers.
>> But then we'll get booked calls. I'll
type in their email into my Gmail that
rhymes. And then I'll see that they
subscribed to the news like a year ago
or six months ago. I'll be like,
>> "Yeah,
>> oh, it actually is doing something
then."
>> Yeah, it's a hard one to really believe
in because the first hundred or 200 I've
seen you post about your YouTube. It's
the same when you start anything. It
doesn't feel like it's doing anything
and then one year later you start
seeing, you know, same with SEO like it
takes up to eight months or maybe I'm
wrong about that. Maybe that's something
that old school belief. But yeah, you I
saw you post about your YouTube channel
saying I haven't, you know, is it
working? Is it creating anything? I can
tell YouTube used to be my number one
source of phone calls back when I was
pushing it really hard. Um, but took
probably two years of just making video
and not not really seeing anything from
it. Um, so yeah.
>> Yeah, it's rare. It's rare that
something in B2B is quick from
experience.
>> Yeah, that's why it's so hard. That's
why it's so hard I think. And that's why
I mean we hear this all the time. The
marketing, you know, the CEO or the CMO
will just cancel something like, "Oh,
you got a podcast. where are where are
the leads you know one weekend obviously
that's not how it works but I guess
people are under so much pressure
especially if they don't own their own
company they're just working as like a
VP or head of marketing it's so much
pressure for them to perform that it's
really hard to invest in something that
takes 8 months or more to do I feel like
the strategy you've shared is great for
marketing teams one if they've got a
marketing leader within there that is
active on LinkedIn organic and that
maybe does have a little bit of an
audience is already posting and they can
follow this flow that you've outlined or
maybe even one of the exact team be it
the CMO, the founder, the revenue
leader, whoever it is, the thought
leader, maybe a different position. So,
if you can capture someone that's
already doing it and say, "Look, we've
got this framework. Let's do a do a post
like you've outlined with some kind of
super useful asset and let's see how it
goes on organic and then why not boost
it to our ICP with this process."
>> Yeah, totally.
>> Landing page.
just just to kind of finish up of it
all, I again I'm not there are so many
other things you can do with LinkedIn.
This is just one of the things that I'm
experimenting with. Um
>> Sure.
>> So yeah, I mean I've also seen really
big success with conversation ads which
have been hit or miss for example. Uh
but yeah, there's a bunch of other stuff
you know which we're not going to go
over in this today. But yeah, I think I
just want to kind of caveat it for
anyone any hater out there who starts uh
uh you know saying like giving me
for pushing this kind of strategy. The
other stuff works. There are other
things that work really well. You know,
I just want to make sure that's clear.
>> LinkedIn's a big game. Like I say, I'm
I'm still learning it every day or
trying to. But I like this strategy
because you've proven it. You've you've
run as an experiment. It's actually
driven book calls for a decent decent
cost and you've proven the model and
it's it's something that folks can watch
or listen to this and replicate and try
it for themselves. So that's exactly
what we want on on these kind of
episodes. So with that, Phil, I want to
thank you very much for sharing your
your strategy here and please do tell us
more about how anyone tuning in can get
in touch with you or learn more.
>> Yeah, for sure. So probably LinkedIn is
the best place to catch me because I'm a
little bit addicted to LinkedIn. So I'm
there a lot of the day. So, if you DM
me, I'll probably DM you back within 1
second sometimes. Um, otherwise, I'm,
you know, my name is Phil Ilh P H I L I
L I C. Just find me on LinkedIn. I have,
you can probably find my newsletter. I'm
going to release all these stats um that
hasn't been released yet, but I'm going
to release this next week. I've been
saying this for like a month now while I
went on holiday. I'm releasing this I
think next week now. All this data on
this flow. So, you can find that in my
newsletter, but just follow me on
LinkedIn, I believe, is the best place.
>> Nice. And we'll put all those links
below in the description and show notes.
With that, thanks very much, Phil.
>> Thanks, Sam. It's been amazing. Cheers.
>> Cheers. And there you have it. I hope
this LinkedIn ads lesserk known strategy
proves useful for your B2B business. And
if you want to join thousands of B2B
legends enjoying my weird weekday
newsletter tips for case studies,
unusual B2B marketing strategies, as
well as that, you'll instantly unlock my
90 days to revenue B2B SEO guide. Head
over to breaking B2B.com and hit that
newsletter tab. And with that, I shall
catch you on the next one. Cheers.